my name is Juan Dean of a kettle once
was I
now I live in the air both pepper trees
where our old cattle I belong captain
Donna they are blown way like ashes in
California breeze once I rolled food
huge and ass one long Riyadh I work to
hide and tallow trading land I
I ruled in wooden stirrups and the dust
raised by my ponies was smoke from my
altar offered up to God burn
todavía estoy aqui I am still here
thought of your story I keep my soul is
dancing in moonlight and minggu with
each grain of sand land it is my
birthright I am still here tour IV estoy
aqui I am still here
thought of you stoic II
in the canyon and lung and willows by
the creek bank a chased wild cattle
through the liable trees cross Valley
Ridge and Mesa and the hills baked oh so
yellow my ponies sneaking dancing wrong
man me curavi estoy aqui and still here
todavía stole a key my soul is dancing
in moon
I mean glue with each grain of sand line
it is my birthright I am still here
ferrari estoy aqui i am still here
in fog early morn or the misty haze of
Twilight beyond sagging ruin of these
Dobby Walsh he may see me in the dust
the shimmers in the half-light hear me
in the whisper of the grass so green and
tall
todavía stoic eat I am still here
todavía stoic in my soul is dancing in
the moonlight forming with each grain of
sand and land it is my birthright I am
still here
totally estoy aqui I am still here but
how do you store a key
my name's Juan Dean of a kettle once was
I
now I feel in the air above the pepper
tree